## Inspiration
In today's world, trust and transparency are crucial for charitable organizations. Many donors are hesitant to contribute because they are unsure how their money is being used. We were inspired by the need to bridge this trust gap and provide a more transparent and rewarding experience for donors. Our goal was to create a platform that not only tracks donations but also shows donors the direct impact of their contributions, enhancing their engagement and satisfaction. By leveraging blockchain technology and NFTs, we aim to revolutionize the way charitable donations are managed and perceived.

## What it does
A hub for both donors and charities, whermhole provides a trackable and immutable record of all donations. As a donor, whermhole is a personalized web app that can display every charity and organization you have donated to. You will be able to track where donations have been spent through a dynamically displayed chart, view progress on charity goals, see statistics on donations and long-term trends, as well as view other top donors for a given charity. As a charity or organization, whermhole is a platform to log and make transactions with donor funds to guarantee transparency and enforce responsibility. As a charitable organization, integrity is absolutely key in maintaining a healthy donor base and creating genuine positive impacts in the world. Whermhole helps provide a platform to display that integrity and keep every organization accountable. Overall, whermhole is a platform for both charities and donors to promote greater transparency and efficacy to create real positive change in the world.

## How we built it
We use Solidity and the Truffle framework to create smart contracts for whermhole. Our backend is developed using Node.js and Express.js, utilizing the Web3.js library to interact with our frontend, made with React, using Auth0 for user authentication and Tailwind CSS for styling.

## Challenges we ran into
As a team that is relatively new to implementing blockchain technology, we ran into many challenges along the way. One of them, albeit a very rewarding challenge, was working through the AstraKode editor and understanding how to successfully create a smart contract for our use case. The demo projects included in the AstraKode workspace were instrumental in helping us understand exactly how the editor functioned. Another challenge was figuring out how to successfully implement blockchain with our existing understanding of backend code and querying strategies. We certainly had to gain a new perspective on how data is stored and retrieved effectively in a blockchain network, and spent time adapting our project to those new perspectives.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of
Overall, we are proud of what we have been able to learn through this project, as well as the overall vision and functionality of the web app we have made. Using AstraKode was certainly a very fun and interactive introduction to blockchain for us, and it was ultimately very rewarding to see everything fit together in the end prototype. We are also very proud of the vision for whermhole and the potential real-world use cases it can have. Allowing charities to function even more effectively, while providing greater transparency for donors is an idea we as a team are extremely passionate about making a reality.

## What we learned
Overall, through the challenges, we learned how to effectively create smart contracts in Solidity using AstraKode, as well as using Web3.js to integrate the blockchain logic with our frontend user experience.

## What's next for whermhole
Although we are certainly proud of the prototype we have been able to create, there is a lot of potential for expanding whermhole to further our vision and goals. One such goal is to provide greater incentives and rewards for donors, to further accelerate funding for charitable causes. Implementing blockchain technologies, we aim to not only provide transparency in donations but also offer incentives such as unique NFTs or tokens that donors can collect for donating to charities. This would encourage donations while also rewarding early and long-time donors for their contributions to making the world a better place.
